Our Palestinian map has many parts, so I was astonished
when I drew it and saw that the world was asking
about Palestine, and when I identified every country in
Palestine for him, it existed for us, and that historically
Palestine is our land and the land of our fathers and grandfathers. I
love to draw it and show the whole world what Palestine is,
what its land is, as long as we ask.  Regarding Palestine, what does
Palestine mean to you? When I
draw this map, foreigners come and buy it. I mean, not from a
material aspect, from a financial aspect. It stabilizes the land.
Palestine. Anything regarding Palestine. People actually began
to seek it, be attracted to it, and
buy the craft. I mean, we passed it down to
three generations. For example, the third generation developed it and became the
craft.  It will be treated as if it were a masterpiece, and this
existed before the existence of the occupation. If it does not come out
of my heart, I will know that this piece is not beautiful. It is not
a thousand people. People have begun to learn what the Palestinian issue is.
Here we are the gain, and now you
have three countries that have recognized us. It will take a while.
God willing, they will recognize it again and again.  Also, look
at the pressures from these governments on the occupation, that it is of
no benefit to these people whose existence exists, has history, and
civilization, and they have their job, they have their people, they
have their society, they have their culture, so take your hands off them
from aljazera